nfc: add library variants for nRF53 (#125)
NordicPlayground/nrfxlib: nfc/CHANGELOG.rst

All notable changes to this project are documented in this file.

NFC 0.4.0
****************

> Added NFC Type 2 Tag and Type 4 Tag libraries for nRF5340 SoC that are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added Type 2 Tag and Type 4 Tag NFC libraries for the nRF5340 device.
```

> compiled for Cortex-M33 CPU in hard and soft float variants.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both libraries are compiled for the Cortex-M33 CPU in hard and soft float variants.
```

Added
=====

> * Added the NFC T2T library (``libnfct2t_nrf53.a``) for nRF5340 SoC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the NFC T2T library for the nRF5340 device: ``libnfct2t_nrf53.a``.
```

> * Added the NFC T4T library (``libnfct4t_nrf53.a``) for nRF5340 SoC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the NFC T4T library for the nRF5340 device: ``libnfct4t_nrf53.a``.
```

> * Added feature to the NFC T4T library that allows the user to change NDEF

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a feature to the NFC T4T library that allows the user to change the NDEF
```

>   buffer when NFC stack is already initialized and running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  buffer when the NFC stack is already initialized and running.
```
